well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
some good news for most the people at
the world I think it's good news however
there will be a subset of Americans that
will see this as just a horrible paradox
an immovable force meets an immovable
object too closely held beliefs that are
suddenly thrown in direct contradiction
to each other and they're gonna have to
make a decision it's it's kind of funny
to me it started in New Zealand near New
Zealand there is a country and this
country is at risk of disappearing due
to rising sea levels so a man fled to
New Zealand and claimed that he had to
stay the case went all the way to the UN
and what the UN decided was that they
could return him but only because it's
10 to 15 years away before his country
disappears he's not in immediate danger
if he was in immediate danger well
they're gonna have to let him stay so
for many Americans who are just dead set
on owning the Libs by destroying the
environment and refusing to see horror
on Horrors face and accept that climate
change is an issue they're now going to
have to deal with the fact that if they
proceed with that line of thinking we
will inevitably receive climate change
refugees so the question then becomes do
they enjoy owning the lives more than
they hate brown people or is it the
other way around
because they're going to have to make
that choice they can either accept
horror on Horrors face and realize that
we have to do something we have to make
major changes we have to address our
infrastructure we have to address
consumption we have to do a whole lot of
things or they have to get real use to
press in one for English this is an
issue that won't be resolved anytime
soon but now there is a little bit of
legal precedent protecting those in the
developing world from the actions of
those in the developed and that's the
messed-up part about it the reality is
those who are going to be most heavily
impacted by climate change are in
locations that don't have a big
footprint that aren't really responsible
for what's going on but they're going to
suffer for it
or they can come here or to other
locations that are going to be a little
more habitable at least for a bit what
was seen as something that is just
really far off is already making its way
through the court system
we might want to think about dropping
the bumper sticker mentality and working
on some solutions anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night